this video is sponsored by World War Doh
World War Doh is a brand new mobile RTS
game that's different from the other
games in the same genre in this game you
control your moveable commander and
towers that rage and heal him to take on
the enemy base assisted by a whole host
of crazy units
there's the bunker to hide my commander
in a safe place
tank arena to soak up damage and destroy
towers da choppah and 1-800 air strike
to ensure range and air superiority the
catelyn gun for defense and van gun for
his sniping action and then there's
major fire with his flamethrowers that
do fire damage for crowd control still
not enough there are a ton of skins
dances and taunts for you to show off
and let your enemy know exactly how
you're feeling very soon there will be a
global tournament with a $25,000 prize
pool so download now and get good fast
to be crowned the best in the world and
get a chance to win the prize money
click the link in the description below
to get the game now and join the simple
history club o and established or
aspiring content creators can apply to
join the World War Doh creator program
link also in the description below last
ditch access weapons world war ii in the
latter half of World War 2 the Axis
powers continually found themselves cut
off from resources they have earlier in
the war without the materials needed to
keep their massive more machines going
the Japanese and German forces began
scrambling to find ways to support their
forces while using the least amount of
resources possible this generally meant
making crude forms of their current
weapons finding ways to dramatically
simplify production or even making
completely new
often times extremely simple firearms
mp3 0:08
type submachine gun place of origin
germany in the waning days of the Second
World War the German military was
looking at anything and everything they
could field one answer had been sitting
in their faces the whole time
the British Sten submachine gun already
designed as an emergency weapon by the
British the Sten was lightweight
simplistic effective very reliable in
close quarters and above all else
extremely simple to manufacture for the
British the Sten replaced the highly
expensive Thompson submachine guns they
had been purchasing from the United
States so to the Germans creating their
own version of this already existing
emergency weapon was an all too easy
idea at first Mauser created the Garrett
Postum an exact copy of the Stenmark -
then the company was instructed to
simplify the design further creating the
Garrett knowing monstah officially
called the mp3 0:08
from the stun to the mp3 0:08 only one
serious change was made the magazine of
the mp3 0:08 was locked in a vertical
position on like the lateral magazine
that protruded off the left side of the
stand aside from this small change that
two submachine guns were almost
completely identical in total only about
10,000 M p300 eighths would be produced
the mp3 0:08 would be produced
throughout 1944 1945 what often times
find themselves in the hands of
auxiliary troops or in the hands of
Germany's fallen allies in occupied
states such as Czechoslovakia after
World War 2 the mp3 0:08 still found
service with many of these auxiliary
troops until they were eventually washed
out by the native designs or other
imports Volkssturm gávea of the g15 type
semi-automatic rifle place of origin
germany maybe the most famous of
Germany's last-ditch weapons is the Volk
sim de Vere the name is translated as
the people's assault rifle this oddly
shaped and clearly cobbled together
rifle was a mainstay of the German home
known as the Volkssturm or people storm
this Zweifel was supposed to get extra
firepower to the severely under train
and under-equipped Volkssturm militia
that was used as the final stopgap
between the Allies and the complete
collapse of the Third Reich the Volks
dem Gavea was both an extremely rushed
and impractical design the rifle used
the standard magazine of the stg44
and it's 7.92 by 33 millimeter kurtz
round
unlike the stg44 the Volkssturm de vere
was purely a semi-automatic rifle the
production of the works team Gewehr
itself was extremely crude almost all of
the firearms construction was made from
stamped or folded metal therefore could
be made with even the simplest of
manufacturing tools the only part of the
weapon that wasn't made of stamped metal
was the bolt itself the bolt was
actually somewhat of an advanced one
it used a simplified blowback action
that only uses one moving part the bolt
itself the same theory would reduce the
recoil the Volkssturm de vere was held
together with simple bolts and rivets
while this made the firearms somewhat
more rugged this meant that it could not
be easily disassembled for maintenance
so if there were any issues with the gun
it was often thrown away and replaced
I'm Stas Flemming Vova 46 type throw
away flamethrower place of origin
Germany one of the most feared weapons
of all time is the flamethrower the
German army had made good use of the
flamethrower all across the world but
these giant devices were expensive were
complicated to produce and they required
specialized training that would take up
valuable time as the Fuhrer called more
and more people to the front many of
whom would receive little to no formal
training in order to combat this issue a
lightweight portable tubular single-shot
flamethrower was pressed into service in
this was the Einsteins flemeth ephah of
which little information is known in
English literally meaning the
single-shot flamethrower it was just a
simple metal container filled with fuel
with a nozzle and a trigger at the front
once the trigger was pulled the entire
contents of the canister would be
emptied projecting a single burst to
flame for less than a second to an
effective range of about 30 yards after
this it was thrown away the flamethrower
itself was tucked under the users arm
and held in place by a strap that went
over the soldier's shoulder often these
flamethrowers proved to be more
dangerous to the user than the enemy the
einsteinium and Vova found itself used
by german paratroopers until the end of
the war and would ultimately end up in
large numbers in the hands of the Volk
star as it was deemed that no training
was necessary to use the ein stuff lemon
FIFA despite it being so cumbersome
approximately 30,000 700 were
manufactured last-ditch arasaka type 99
type bolt-action rifle place of origin
Japan much like the Germans the Japanese
Empire was on its heels and was running
dangerously low on supplies in the late
years of the war conscripts with little
or no training or being equipped with
whatever could be found on the
standard-issue rifles of the Japanese
Empire were stripped to their basic
components in order to save on
production time and material at the
beginning of the war the type 99 arasaka
was a well made and very well liked
firearm that used a smooth mousers
style action this rifle would be
stripped down to its core by the end of
the war compared to the original rifle
the late war version looked like a poor
copy of its earlier self the sights on
the late war arasaka
consisted of a stationary peephole rear
sight without the adjustment for windage
or elevation which the original featured
while at the end of the barrel there was
an unprotected blade for sight these
sights worked but lacked the finesse of
the original rifle just behind the
sights the bolt itself was of a much
worse quality than the original smooth
low tolerance metal work was replaced
with crude unfinished metal with little
to no markings this saved on machining
time and allowed for less skilled
machinists and metal workers to produce
these rifles metal pieces that were not
absolutely necessary were removed from
the gun entirely
this included the butt plate which was
stripped off and replaced with a wooden
butt plate and the cleaning rod which
was removed completely and not given any
kind of substitute although the metal
construction at the end of the hand
guard was slimmed down and changed so as
to not hold the cleaning rod it's
bayonet lug was kept so that soldiers
could still a fix bayonets and charged
enemy positions much like its metal
components the wooden body of the type
99 was cut down wherever possible the
most noticeable change being that the
finish on the original was completely
removed thus leaving the bare wood to
face the elements with no protection
from there the wooden handguard that
used to run the length of the rifle was
cut down to cover only about one half of
the barrel and lastly the finger groove
under the rear sights were completely
removed overall the Japanese had removed
and simplified anything they could
without making the rifle dangerous to
use although that point is still up for
debate National Defence rifle type
bolt-action rifle place of origin Japan
with the Americans and even potentially
the Soviet Union closing in on the
Japanese home islands the threat of
invasion was very real and a
pre-existing civil defense leads were
starting to be mobilized in the event of
an invasion these home guard troops and
guns did not be made fast enough or in
large enough numbers
both outfit the frontline troops and the
home guard so even the hugely simplified
type 99 would not find itself in the
hands of the Home Guard troops instead
of an extremely simplified bare-bones
rifle that national defense rifle was
issued out to members of the Home Guard
little is known about these series of
rifles they were not any kind of
specific rifle basic designs were handed
down from the Japanese government to
workshops around the country who were
ordered to manufacture rifles chambered
in either the 7.7 by 58 millimeter
arasaka rifle cartridge or the 8 by 22
Nambu pistol cartridge the finished
works that were put out by these
workshops were extremely simplistic and
crude since each workshop had free rein
of how they wanted to design their rifle
they're designed different from workshop
to workshop but all versions had certain
commonalities such as a stock made from
a single piece of wood oftentimes this
was just a plank with a slot cut into it
in order to hold the barrel and trigger
assembly and a single-shot capacity
although these rifles were supposed to
be chambered to use standard Japanese
ammunition some did not even use cased
ammo but instead used a muscle loader
that used black powder an unknown number
of these rifles were produced and none
of them saw frontline action as the
invasion of Japan never occurred
although most of these weapons did see
combat in some form they were produced
in fairly limited numbers and their
production ceased with the end of the
war after the war almost all of these
weapons except the mp3 0:08
which went on to be used by many police
forces and the Balkans and other Central
and Eastern European countries were
immediately destroyed or sold off after
the war today they are extremely rare
and oftentimes considered unsafe for use
because of their crude and fast
production methods
you